Test:                                              Total LOC:                  Codegen (ms):    Compilation (ms):
aggregate                                          all                                189533         2.095873458s        57.053667450s
aggregate                                          responseBased                       48762         791.132373ms        25.011132035s
aggregate                                          operationBased                     105124         951.371166ms        18.619899040s
aggregate                                          compat                              35647         353.369919ms        13.422636375s

java-operationBased-fragments_with_defer_and_include_directives                 5395                   64         170.465583ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_with_defer_and_include_directives                 3600                   29         863.527250ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_with_defer_and_include_directives                 3411                   33         900.201917ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 2380                   34         789.880583ms
java-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                         1853                    9          63.188500ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                  1850                   15         125.277750ms
java-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                         1621                    8         101.385833ms
java-operationBased-unique_type_name                               1601                    8          90.601708ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                   1594                    9         118.858958ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_named_fragments                        1593                   19            385.624ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1552                    7          56.059750ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_inline_fragment                        1485                   15         587.461042ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                        1451                    7          63.924417ms
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review                         1449                    7          71.223125ms
java-operationBased-__schema                                       1390                   52         533.736083ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_delegate                       1340                   15         369.926916ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  1328                   11          63.877917ms
kotlin-responseBased-unique_type_name                              1323                   13         481.769125ms
kotlin-compat-nested_named_fragments                               1309                   11         336.482709ms
java-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                      1284                    5          57.741875ms
java-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                            1261                    9          74.007667ms
java-operationBased-input_object_type                              1259                    8          73.495125ms
java-operationBased-multiple_fragments                             1251                    6          58.287958ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 1248                   26         484.916916ms
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                 1244                    6          68.893167ms
java-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                 1244                    5          64.211917ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1233                   13         317.019167ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                       1224                   11         309.592208ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        1202                    5          51.718583ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   1199                    6         142.122625ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_intersection                  1185                   12         400.179417ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_intersection                         1172                   11         412.374750ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                 1145                    6          54.774708ms
java-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  1143                    7          67.298667ms
kotlin-compat-unique_type_name                                     1122                   10         359.508500ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_used_twice                           1112                   13         441.157583ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                 1108                   13         481.088084ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                       1107                   11         348.102875ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_inline_fragments                        1095                   10         349.669333ms
kotlin-responseBased-__schema                                      1087                  128         4.024708208s
java-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                     1081                    5          51.454459ms
kotlin-operationBased-unique_type_name                             1079                   10         344.613500ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1073                    8         301.653750ms
kotlin-compat-union_inline_fragments                               1065                    8         364.227500ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_with_type_condition                 1062                   10         352.454875ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                 1033                    4             49.729ms
kotlin-responseBased-multiple_fragments                            1032                   11         293.637584ms
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review                        1024                    9         361.411417ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  1021                    5          73.228125ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                 1020                    8         280.427583ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                 1019                    6          73.375209ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1019                   20         256.674125ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                 1011                    7          70.782167ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_delegate                              1006                    8         297.693834ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_conditional_inline                     1006                    8         326.553292ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_with_variables                 1002                    9         287.986583ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment                                 986                    5          61.751375ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                       982                    8         284.899042ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_used_twice                                   957                   12         408.973458ms
kotlin-compat-nested_conditional_inline                             946                    7         319.589417ms
java-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                   936                    6          62.234833ms
java-operationBased-simple_union                                    936                    5          48.558708ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_with_variables                         920                    7         256.992667ms
java-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                         916                    9          82.132666ms
java-operationBased-hero_details                                    908                    6             55.937ms
java-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  906                    7          50.912167ms
java-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                    889                    6          67.349083ms
java-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                          889                    4          48.921542ms
kotlin-compat-multiple_fragments                                    887                   10         266.936542ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  880                    5          53.458625ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_type                              880                    9         361.597041ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                     880                    9         293.821958ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_with_type_condition                         863                    7         309.822166ms
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                  863                   11         335.463125ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                           862                   10         386.587875ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  859                    8         260.064250ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  855                   13         410.106083ms
java-operationBased-test_inline                                     854                    4          46.433333ms
java-operationBased-union_fragment                                  853                    4          46.124625ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  845                    6          56.594500ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment                                825                    7         245.695750ms
kotlin-operationBased-multiple_fragments                            824                   16         280.621583ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  818                    8         274.474042ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  810                    5          53.406625ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  802                    7         324.098042ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  799                    8         262.486291ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                  783                   14         284.117625ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        780                    7         237.677208ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  773                    9          58.695542ms
java-operationBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                    773                    4          63.968666ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  767                    7         275.049666ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  756                    6         257.791791ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  753                    7         324.910125ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  753                    6         252.727208ms
java-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                          750                    4          48.668292ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecated_merged_field                        749                   15         556.368791ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                    749                    6         259.520416ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  748                    6         262.649791ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment                                       747                    6         219.075167ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragments_with_friends                         739                    6         293.464125ms
kotlin-compat-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  738                    5         263.055542ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_union                                   737                    7         233.902875ms
java-operationBased-reserved_keywords                               732                    4          48.754542ms
java-operationBased-typename_always_first                           726                    3          47.475125ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  725                    9         362.095208ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_inline_fragment                     723                    6            287.451ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                    709                    8         362.076416ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  709                    7         282.194542ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  706                    6         304.044375ms
java-operationBased-interface_on_interface                          704                    4          70.142125ms
java-operationBased-introspection_query                             703                    4          60.265584ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_inline_fragment                            697                    5         276.345250ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  695                    5         245.938917ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  694                    8         365.164917ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment                             686                    3          43.665584ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment                               685                    6         227.843084ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  682                    8         364.648292ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_same_type_condition                         673                    7         283.597334ms
java-operationBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  672                    5          52.702583ms
kotlin-compat-simple_union                                          671                    6         216.988500ms
kotlin-compat-deprecated_merged_field                               662                   13         474.708834ms
java-operationBased-monomorphic                                     661                    4          63.404791ms
java-operationBased-interface_always_nested                         657                    4          53.331209ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  655                    5         266.712041ms
kotlin-compat-not_all_combinations_are_needed                       654                    5         237.244750ms
kotlin-compat-union_fragment                                        653                    5         222.495375ms
java-operationBased-deprecation                                     647                    6          65.649542ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  644                    7         262.809708ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  642                    6         292.725791ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_union                                  640                    6         226.127708ms
java-operationBased-recursive_selection                             635                    3          44.998333ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_fragment                                 635                    6         211.195500ms
kotlin-responseBased-test_inline                                    633                    6         238.754625ms
kotlin-compat-fieldset_with_multiple_super                          631                    7         399.022208ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  630                    7         280.355833ms
java-operationBased-hero_with_review                                626                    6          51.946875ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_without_implementation                  623                    6         221.707958ms
kotlin-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                       619                   20         523.817625ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  619                    5         230.929417ms
kotlin-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  616                    6         240.979667ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details                                   614                   10         286.802125ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  612                    6         267.164833ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_fragment                                611                    5         224.256375ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   608                   30         247.066792ms
java-operationBased-hero_name_query_long_name                       606                    4          49.977292ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_merge_fields                          606                    5         236.031375ms
java-operationBased-field_with_include_directive                    604                    6          62.362958ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  604                    6         267.243458ms
java-operationBased-custom_scalar_type                              603                    6          71.705959ms
kotlin-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                  603                    8         394.342791ms
java-operationBased-variable_default_value                          600                    4          84.567958ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  599                    6         255.379708ms
java-operationBased-hero_name                                       598                    4          50.970292ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                        597                    5         247.840625ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  592                    5         227.288834ms
kotlin-compat-test_inline                                           587                    4         240.290666ms
kotlin-responseBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  586                    6         219.960625ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_inline_fragment                         585                    4         227.746584ms
kotlin-responseBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                   584                    7         346.903625ms
java-operationBased-optional                                        576                    3          43.775167ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  567                    4          48.964208ms
kotlin-compat-simple_inline_fragment                                567                    5         232.467875ms
kotlin-operationBased-test_inline                                   564                    6         218.229958ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                      561                    6         295.915375ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                   561                    3          47.908583ms
kotlin-responseBased-reserved_keywords                              560                    5            239.512ms
java-operationBased-java8annotation                                 557                    4          50.798250ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_unique                               556                    3          42.319208ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_simple                          545                    3          49.978667ms
kotlin-compat-reserved_keywords                                     543                    4         205.295667ms
kotlin-operationBased-reserved_keywords                             536                    5         212.347083ms
kotlin-responseBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                         535                    5         218.127042ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                   528                    6         243.088500ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  524                    6         269.421041ms
kotlin-compat-path_vs_flat_accessors                                524                    4         274.675250ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment                            520                    5         200.520750ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  516                    5         289.346125ms
kotlin-responseBased-typename_always_first                          515                    4         198.671541ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_on_interface                         511                    5         432.111792ms
kotlin-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                        510                    4         205.053458ms
java-operationBased-starships                                       510                    3             42.576ms
kotlin-operationBased-typename_always_first                         508                    4            211.031ms
kotlin-compat-typename_always_first                                 508                    4         238.192083ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment                                   501                    4         192.373333ms
java-operationBased-antlr_tokens                                    499                   11          99.200833ms
kotlin-compat-interface_on_interface                                495                    4         237.077625ms
java-operationBased-subscriptions                                   494                    3          42.772417ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name                                      489                    5         226.865583ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_on_interface                        488                    5         240.007125ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_with_review                               481                    5            286.468ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_always_nested                        480                    5         227.992250ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecation                                    479                    7         375.095708ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name_query_long_name                      477                    4         245.543500ms
kotlin-responseBased-custom_scalar_type                             473                    8         432.473750ms
java-operationBased-arguments_hardcoded                             472                    5          84.503542ms
kotlin-compat-interface_always_nested                               471                    4         241.709334ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment                           470                    4         205.194875ms
kotlin-compat-hero_name                                             463                    4         220.416667ms
kotlin-compat-monomorphic                                           458                    4         203.518083ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_always_nested                       457                    5         229.355584ms
kotlin-responseBased-introspection_query                            452                    7         272.310666ms
kotlin-operationBased-monomorphic                                   451                    4         218.314833ms
java-operationBased-merged_include                                  450                    3          46.349041ms
java-operationBased-operation_id_generator                          450                    3          45.291125ms
kotlin-responseBased-monomorphic                                    447                    5         218.430041ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  446                    4         219.779958ms
kotlin-responseBased-variable_default_value                         441                    5         235.084500ms
kotlin-operationBased-hero_name                                     435                    4         224.852291ms
java-operationBased-case_sensitive_enum                             434                    4          81.618083ms
java-operationBased-enum_field                                      434                    5          55.884292ms
java-operationBased-enums_as_sealed                                 434                    6          76.551042ms
java-operationBased-nonnull                                         431                    3          45.018292ms
kotlin-responseBased-field_with_include_directive                   430                    6         305.083958ms
kotlin-responseBased-optional                                       429                    4         210.484333ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  428                    4         198.900208ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  423                    4         221.435667ms
kotlin-responseBased-recursive_selection                            422                    4         199.804958ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_simple                         411                    4         202.772375ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_type_coercion                         410                    4         210.079250ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  406                    4         249.776583ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  396                    3         198.983375ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_simple                                395                   16         215.997125ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_unique                              392                    3         180.051375ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_simple                        388                    5         226.483084ms
kotlin-responseBased-starships                                      376                    3         180.595125ms
kotlin-responseBased-java8annotation                                375                   64         204.211250ms
kotlin-responseBased-antlr_tokens                                   373                   26         601.064708ms
kotlin-responseBased-arguments_hardcoded                            364                   10            500.692ms
kotlin-responseBased-subscriptions                                  361                    3         162.868083ms
kotlin-responseBased-enums_as_sealed                                341                    6         273.222208ms
kotlin-responseBased-operation_id_generator                         326                    3         193.098334ms
kotlin-responseBased-merged_include                                 325                    4         204.992125ms
kotlin-responseBased-case_sensitive_enum                            316                    8         395.328166ms
kotlin-responseBased-enum_field                                     315                    4         292.058042ms
kotlin-responseBased-nonnull                                        310                    5         173.889666ms
kotlin-responseBased-empty                                           91                    1         150.602542ms
java-operationBased-empty                                            75                    1          34.667125ms